projects/ng-fast-form/README.md, before:


# NgFastForm

NgFastForm is a package which allow you to make quickly and easier
your project form for Angular applications. 


## Features
- Create a form dynamically.
- Create input text/number/textarea/email/password
- Create a radio input.
- Create a select and checkbox. 

## Installation

#### Requirements

Our form use bootstrap, so you should install Bootstrap and 
Your angular project.

#### Bootstrap Installation
**Note**: that if you already have bootstrap on your project skip this step. 

Run this command on your project:

```bash
npm install bootstrap bootstrap-icons
```
After Installation, go and add the following line to you Angular.json

```bash 
"styles": [
              "src/styles.scss",
              "node_modules/bootstrap/scss/bootstrap.scss",
              "node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/bootstrap-icons.css"
            ],
```

and 

```bash 
        "scripts": [  "node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"

```

Now you are finish to install Bootstrap, we are going to install ng-fast-form package. 

#### Ng Fast Form installation

```bash 
npm i ng-fast-form
```

#### Add NgFastModule to your project

You should now add NgFastModule in you app.module.ts:

```bash 
import { NgFastFormModule } from 'ng-fast-form';
.....
.....
.....
.....

 imports: [
    ..
    ..
    NgFastFormModule
  ],
```

And now you can run your project. 

## Usage/Examples

In the Component where you want to use NgFastForm, you are going 
to set an object named inputArray.

``` bash 
inputArray = [
    {
      id: 'form6Example1',
      type: 'text',
      placeholder: 'name',
      label: 'Your name',
      name: 'name'
    },
    {
      id: 'form6Example2',
      type: 'text',
      placeholder: 'enter you surname',
      label: 'Your surname ',
      name: 'surname'
    },
```
Let's give a few explanation: 
id: is the input id, make sure that it'is unique
type: the type of input, 
placeholder: the input placeholder, 
name: give a unique name, that will help us to get input value. 


And then in your html file add: 

```bash 
<ng-fast-form  [ngInputDetails]="inputArray" [ngInputLayout]="'2-columns'" [ngSubmitText]="'SEND DATA'"></ng-fast-form>
```

**Explanation:**

ngInputDetails: is for generated our inputs. 
ngInputLayout: Know that we have two type of input layout, the first is (1-column) with 
the input on a row. The second (2-columns), is with two input by rows.
ngSubmitText: is by default assign to SUBMIT when you don't pass some text. It permit to give a text to the submit button. 

#### How to add radio, select or checkbox input. 

It is very simple, you just add to inputArray as much you want objects. 

For **radio** 

```bash 
 {
      type: 'select-options',
      label: 'choice number',
      defaultSelectedName: 'Make a choice',
      name: 'select',
      options: [
        {
          name: 'first',
          value: 'first',
        },
        {
          name: 'second',
          value: 'second',
        },
        {
          name: 'third',
          value: 'third',
        },
      ],

      ```
In options array, you add as much you want the options. 


For **Radio**

```bash 

{
      type: 'radio',
      name: 'radio-value',
      header: 'Choice',
      radios: [
        {
          id: 'radio1',
          value: 'radio1',
          label: 'radio1',
          disabled: false,
        },
        {
          id: 'radio2', 
          value: 'radio2',
          label: 'radio2',
          disabled: false,
      
        },
        {
          id: 'radio3', 
          value: 'radio3',
          label: 'radio3',
          disabled: false,
      
        }
      ],
```

On radios array you add as much you want, the radio. 

For **Checkbox**

```bash
  {
      id: 'checkbox',
      type: 'checkbox',
      name: 'checkbox',
      header: 'CheckBoxes',
    }
```

## 🚀 About Me
I'm Kone Adama Pegnimin, an Ivorian Full Stack Developper. 
I'm currently work with AngularJS and React JS for web application and Ionic for mobile application. 

Follow me on:  
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/ledigitalavecadama), 
[Instagram](instagram.com/le_digital_avec_adama/),
[Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1lz967TGCU4FfjJlDHXipg),
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adama-pegnimin-kone/),
[Website](http://ledigitalavecadama.tech/),
[GitHub](https://github.com/kadama17).

Commit message:

Output du module vers le composant parent

projects/ng-fast-form/README.md, after:

![NgFastFormImage](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kadama17/ng-fast-form/main/screenshots/fcbf53acd611b85d394b04363d9db6ef.jpg)

# NgFastForm

NgFastForm is a package which allow you to make quickly and easier
your project form for Angular applications. 


## Features
- Create a form dynamically.
- Create input text/number/textarea/email/password
- Create a radio input.
- Create a select and checkbox. 

## Installation

#### Requirements

Our form use bootstrap, so you should install Bootstrap and 
Your angular project.

#### Bootstrap Installation
**Note**: that if you already have bootstrap on your project skip this step. 

Run this command on your project:

```bash
npm install bootstrap bootstrap-icons
```
After Installation, go and add the following line to you Angular.json

```bash 
"styles": [
              "src/styles.scss",
              "node_modules/bootstrap/scss/bootstrap.scss",
              "node_modules/bootstrap-icons/font/bootstrap-icons.css"
            ],
```

and 

```bash 
        "scripts": [  "node_modules/bootstrap/dist/js/bootstrap.bundle.min.js"

```

Now you are finish to install Bootstrap, we are going to install ng-fast-form package. 

#### Ng Fast Form installation

```bash 
npm i ng-fast-form
```

#### Add NgFastModule to your project

You should now add NgFastModule in you app.module.ts:

```bash 
import { NgFastFormModule } from 'ng-fast-form';
.....
.....
.....
.....

 imports: [
    ..
    ..
    NgFastFormModule
  ],
```

And now you can run your project. 

## Usage/Examples

In the Component where you want to use NgFastForm, you are going 
to set an object named inputArray.

``` bash 
inputArray = [
    {
      id: 'form6Example1',
      type: 'text',
      placeholder: 'name',
      label: 'Your name',
      name: 'name'
    },
    {
      id: 'form6Example2',
      type: 'text',
      placeholder: 'enter you surname',
      label: 'Your surname ',
      name: 'surname'
    },
```
Let's give a few explanation: 
id: is the input id, make sure that it'is unique
type: the type of input, 
placeholder: the input placeholder, 
name: give a unique name, that will help us to get input value. 


And then in your html file add: 

```bash 
<ng-fast-form  [ngInputDetails]="inputArray" [ngInputLayout]="'2-columns'" [ngSubmitText]="'SEND DATA'"></ng-fast-form>
```

**Explanation:**

ngInputDetails: is for generated our inputs. 
ngInputLayout: Know that we have two type of input layout, the first is (1-column) with 
the input on a row. The second (2-columns), is with two input by rows.
ngSubmitText: is by default assign to SUBMIT when you don't pass some text. It permit to give a text to the submit button. 

#### How to add radio, select or checkbox input. 

It is very simple, you just add to inputArray as much you want objects. 

For **radio** 

```bash 
 {
      type: 'select-options',
      label: 'choice number',
      defaultSelectedName: 'Make a choice',
      name: 'select',
      options: [
        {
          name: 'first',
          value: 'first',
        },
        {
          name: 'second',
          value: 'second',
        },
        {
          name: 'third',
          value: 'third',
        },
      ],

      ```
In options array, you add as much you want the options. 


For **Radio**

```bash 

{
      type: 'radio',
      name: 'radio-value',
      header: 'Choice',
      radios: [
        {
          id: 'radio1',
          value: 'radio1',
          label: 'radio1',
          disabled: false,
        },
        {
          id: 'radio2', 
          value: 'radio2',
          label: 'radio2',
          disabled: false,
      
        },
        {
          id: 'radio3', 
          value: 'radio3',
          label: 'radio3',
          disabled: false,
      
        }
      ],
```

On radios array you add as much you want, the radio. 

For **Checkbox**

```bash
  {
      id: 'checkbox',
      type: 'checkbox',
      name: 'checkbox',
      header: 'CheckBoxes',
    }
```

### Get form data

It is too simple, to get data. 
Call form Component like this. 

```bash 
<app-form (ngFormData)=ngParentGetFormData($event) [ngInputDetails]="inputArray"   [ngInputLayout]="'1-column'"></app-form>
```

And add the following function to your class. 

```bash 
  ngParentGetFormData(eventData:any) {
    console.log(eventData)
   
  }
```
eventData: is all the form data value your are waiting for, so in this funtion, 
you can make what want. i.e send data to firebase, to laravel ....

## 🚀 About Me
I'm Kone Adama Pegnimin, an Ivorian Full Stack Developper. 
I'm currently work with AngularJS and React JS for web application and Ionic for mobile application. 

Follow me on:  
[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/ledigitalavecadama), 
[Instagram](instagram.com/le_digital_avec_adama/),
[Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1lz967TGCU4FfjJlDHXipg),
[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/adama-pegnimin-kone/),
[Website](http://ledigitalavecadama.tech/),
[GitHub](https://github.com/kadama17).
